Strings-Accept a string and remove the nth index value from the string.md, before:

# Module-3
# 🧹 Strings-Remove Nth Index Character from a String

## 🎯 Aim
To write a Python program that accepts a string and removes the character at a specified index.

## 🧠 Algorithm
1. Define a function named remove that takes the input string as an argument.
2. Read the index n from the user input.
3. Initialize an empty string a to store the new string.
4. Iterate over each index of the string using a for loop.
5. Check if the current index i is not equal to n.
6. If i != n, append the character at index i to string a.
7. After the loop, return the modified string a.
8. Print the final result.

## 💻 Program
```
items=[1,6,4,7,8,9,5,3]
sum_numbers=0
for x in items:
       sum_numbers+=x
print(sum_numbers)
```
## Output
![WhatsApp Image 2025-10-19 at 19 44 25_db7b8fe9](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e7c8679a-250f-416f-8593-8191812994d3)


## Result
The program successfully takes a string and an index number from the user, removes the character at the specified index, and prints the modified string without that character.

Commit message:

Update Strings-Accept a string and remove the nth index value from the string.md

Strings-Accept a string and remove the nth index value from the string.md, after:

# Module-3
# 🧹 Strings-Remove Nth Index Character from a String

## 🎯 Aim
To write a Python program that accepts a string and removes the character at a specified index.

## 🧠 Algorithm
1. Define a function named remove that takes the input string as an argument.
2. Read the index n from the user input.
3. Initialize an empty string a to store the new string.
4. Iterate over each index of the string using a for loop.
5. Check if the current index i is not equal to n.
6. If i != n, append the character at index i to string a.
7. After the loop, return the modified string a.
8. Print the final result.

## 💻 Program
```
n=int(input())
def remove(a):
    for i in range(0,len(a)):
        if(i!=n):
            print(a[i],end='')
```
## Output
![WhatsApp Image 2025-10-19 at 19 44 25_db7b8fe9](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e7c8679a-250f-416f-8593-8191812994d3)


## Result
The program successfully takes a string and an index number from the user, removes the character at the specified index, and prints the modified string without that character.
